Reginald Capagcuan
15 Marion Pepe Dr, Apt. B Lodi, NJ 07644
973-594-6713 | rejjee@gmail.com
https://www.linkedin.com/in/reginald-capagcuan-88a245127

SKILLS
In the last several years, I’ve developed web and desktop applications mainly using Microsoft .Net technology. My objective is to leverage these skills as a .NET developer.
●Web API 2, ASP.NET MVC4, .Net Framework 4.5, Web Forms
●CSS, HTML, Bootstrap, SASS
●Knockout.js, JavaScript, jQuery, JSON, Ajax
●SQL Server 2012, T-SQL
●Visual Studio 2015, C# 4.5, Team Foundation Server with Git
●Internet Information Services 7.5

EXPERIENCE
Sharphat, Inc.	Englewood Cliffs, NJ
Senior Application Developer	Oct 2017 – Sep 2019
Responsibilities included development and maintenance of web applications mostly using .Net Framework 4.5, Knockout.js and SQL. Accomplishments include the following deliverables/features:
●Converting a Web Forms/VB application to Web API/C#/Knockout.js
●Application components that monitored NFL players’ health using data grids, filters, Crystal Reports, etc.
●components that displayed real-time NFL game statistics using SignalR, XML, etc.
●Address-search features using Google Places API
●Uploading and downloading files, creating server images and instances, and remotely starting new servers in AWS Amazon EC2
●Tracker application for employee hours and company revenues that connected to the Atlassian JIRA ticketing system and displayed data using Highcharts JavaScript library
●Incorporating responsive design to support mobile browsers
Also used jQuery, Bootstrap, SASS, various JavaScript libraries, Dapper, NLog, PrePros, Postman



Decusoft	Ramsey, NJ
Application Developer	Jan 2017 – Aug 2017
Responsibilities included enhancing and debugging an enterprise web application for compensation management used by external clients. Examples of work are
●Displaying real-time charts on the application landing page that allowed drill-down and filtering functions using the Highcharts JavaScript library.
●Generating an Excel spreadsheet populated with real-time data based on the user’s data entitlements using the Infragistics JavaScript library.
●Migrating application from Web Forms to Web API and Knockout.js
●Other enhancements and bug fixes
Used Web API 2, SQL Server 2012, Knockout.js, Sammy.js, AmplifyJS, Coffeescript, Bootstrap, Visual Studio 2012, SourceGear Vault, Jenkins Continuous Integration

LanguageWorks, a division of Ubiqus	New York, NY
Application Developer	Feb 2006 – May 2016
Was hired to develop applications for project management using Lotus Notes.  Over several years, I progressively worked with .Net platform. Some of the work I was involved in are:
●Web Forms-based order-entry web application for  external users that interfaced with legacy application. Later converted application to .Net MVC.
●Billing web application for third-party vendors.
●The LanguageWorks company website.
●Middleware tools that converted files from one format to another
●Programs for migrating data from Lotus Notes to 4D platform
●Visual Studio Tools for Office (VSTO) plugin for Outlook
●Used C#, MVC 4, Web API 2, Entity Framework 5, SQL Server 2008, jQuery, JavaScript, CSS, Ajax, JSON, WCF/web services, Windows Forms, Subversion, Visual Studio Tools for Office, Microsoft Outlook, regular expressions, SDL Trados, Lotus Notes, NUnit unit testing
●Provided desktop support and server administration in Windows environment.
●Provided tech support to local and overseas employees and partners.

JPMORGAN Chase & Co.	New York, NY
Domino/Web Developer	Jan 1999 – Nov 2005
Provided technology solutions to users’ business needs by delivering and managing applications.  Responsibilities included analysis, development, testing and post-implementation support.
●Application design and development using Lotus Notes/Domino, LotusScript, JavaScript, HTML, and other technologies as needed by the project 



Bankers’ Trust of New York	New York, NY
Lotus Notes Developer	Mar 1998 – Dec 1998
Developed a Lotus Notes application that was used to manage the Year 2000 compliance testing project. 

Philippine Systems Products, Inc.	Makati City, Philippines
Solutions Engineer	Jul 1994 – Dec 1998
As Lotus Notes Solutions Engineer, tasked with development, maintenance and customization of internal and external Lotus Notes applications. 

WeServ Systems, Inc.	Makati City, Philippines
Computer Programmer	Jul 1993 – Jun 1994
Performed design, development, documentation and maintenance for some projects: A front-desk banking application and an accounting package application. Used Visual Basic and Cobol.

EDUCATION
Bachelor of Science in Computer Science, Information Technology	
De La Salle University	Manila, Philippines

WORK AUTHORIZATION
U.S. Citizen
